345 add see more truncation pattern for typography (#603)
mi6/ic-ui-kit: packages/react/src/stories/ic-typography.stories.mdx

      Large title
    </IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="h3">
      Medium title
    </IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="h4">
      Small title
    </IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="subtitle-large">
      Subtitle 1
    </IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="subtitle-small">
      Subtitle 2
    </IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="body">
      Body text
    </IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="caption">
      Caption text
    </IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="caption-uppercase">
      Caption uppercase
    </IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="code-large">
      Code large
    </IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="code-small">
      Code small
    </IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="code-extra-small">
      Code extra small
    </IcTypography>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Truncation

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Truncation">
    <IcTypography max-lines="1" variant="body">

>       Body of text that is truncated to one line. Click the 'See more...' link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Body of text that is truncated to one line. Click the 'See more' link
```

>       to expand the text, then click 'See less...' to truncate the text once

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      to expand the text, then click 'See less' to truncate the text once
```

  <Story name="Component override">
    <IcTypography variant="h1">
      <h3>H1 rendered as H3</h3>
      </IcTypography>
    </IcTypography>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Vertical margins

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Vertical margins">
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="h1">Extra large title</IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="h2">Large title</IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="h3">Medium title</IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="h4">Small title</IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="subtitle-large">Subtitle 1</IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="subtitle-small">Subtitle 2</IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="body">Body text</IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="caption">Caption text</IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="caption-uppercase">Caption uppercase</IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="code-large">Code large</IcTypography>
    <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="code-small">Code small</IcTypography>

>     <IcTypography applyVerticalMargins variant="code-extra-small">Code extra small</IcTypography>

Reviewer 2: The code variants have been removed from this story. Was this intended?
